{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green46\blue49;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Oh, hi, looks like this is our new prototype model number 9 8 5 6.\
Seems like you just rolled off the production line here at robotic inc. .\
Please feel free to walk around so we can calibrate your sensors and parameters.\
To do this, use your left thumbstick and step on all marked signs.\
\
\
Oh, wow! Look at you... The salesman was right! What a beauty! Just like I imagined in my dreams!\
Seems like you just rolled off the production line here at hammersmith robotic inc. .\
So, how do I call you? How about Charley? Fit's just right for such a robot of high calibre like you are.\
Oh, did I introduce myself yet? My name is Amy, and I ordered you here at hammersmith, about 2 weeks ago.\
\
Number 1 on my list is movement. According to this, the left thumbstick controlls your rocket engine.\
Feel free to fly around and pass the marked spots.\
\
Please pass every single spot, till all the lights are green.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
 Oh, hi! Welcome to 
\f1\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
McDoomsday
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  robotic inc. . I will be your guide through this test of your new robot.\
\
\'97-\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hello and welcome to the Valhalla Corp. Security & Enforcement robotic test course.\
Please allow me to guide you trough the tasks you and your robot will be facing today.\
Thank your for choosing our facilities to evaluate your own robot to our testing faculties.\
Our tests are designed specifically to evaluate the robot's reflexes and mental capabilities,\
as well as your performance as a robotic guide.\
If you succeed at these tests, your robot will enter mass production.\
Before we proceed let me adjust your personal guidance preferences.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I see... adjusting vocal interface.\
\
Excellent. Now let's try your Laser Weapon System. You are able to defend yourself and attack enemys with your \uc0\u8206 Tactical High Energy Laser. Please destroy these two objects and pick up the energy\
\
Let us start collecting data in hostile environment. Remember to watch your energy.\
\
Do not be alarmed. There has been a power shortage in our test course. Maybe you can find some substitute for the main light.\
\
Congratulations! Your robot with the version number 163.2 has passed all our proposed challenges. Please give us some time to develop some new and more difficult test courses to evaluate your superior robotic \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
acquirements\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. Thank you for choosing Valhalla Corp. Security & Enforcement. See you soon.\
}